and here we have our kill Oh finally
finished and he is a very massive
nice-looking figure I don't even have
Minister height here oh maybe I don't
have a life snapped on there good enough
but this guy is awesome looking on that
head sculpt is great you can see they
did a great job excise mouth opening
that roar the articulation allows I had
to go all the way back which is really
nice a quick size comparison so you can
really appreciate how massive this guy
is let's see I've got black lantern abin
soar over here who is kinda at that half
ouch so brand black hand you can see
these standard figures in the wave or
kilo towers over them and let's put him
off to the side here and black lantern
abin store off to the side so I'm do
believe this is mainly a reuse of the
Kilowog clit and connect which um
doesn't bother me at all because they do
say that share the same stature in the
comics um now the only bad part about
this figure I can find us at far which I
mentioned in my black hen review is the
ring unfortunately the ring on the back
of the packaging looked awesome the ring
on the figure not so great also there's
some major paint error and a lot of the
yellow just got splashed on and covered
up a lot of the black which and also
there's a lot of detail there you just
can't see any of it I'm as far as
articulation our kill oh there's a full
360 up the lace has a surprising amount
of abdomen movement the head is a really
impressive joint goes all the way back
full 360 the arms go out to about here
do a rough full 360 bend and spin well
bend at the elbow spin at the hand his
legs get forward don't go back go out
bend the knee and have an ankle joint so
there's a lot of nice poses you can do
on
on a cider i think i would have liked
the hand with a rain clothes into a fist
but that's just a personal gripe i mean
there's nothing bad against the figure
at all you've got a lot of nice roaring
poses you can do with this guy that's
how i'm gonna put him in my display he's
about to snap someone's head off that
looks great so um or kill oh of course
the first clipping had been the line
ending the do you know this guy um he's
obviously a huge which is really nice
but the detail really shines on the head
there's the costume is just kind of yeah
nothing bad about it but I mean you look
at that head it's just great um so of
course offline right now at the time of
making this view I've checked some ebay
options for this guy complete without
buying the entire um set of Green
Lantern classics and you are going to
pay up there for this guy so I'd say
honestly the best bet is to go for the
whole line it's definitely a solid
series I liked it um our killers a great
club and connect he's going to look
great my display next to Kilowog and
that being said this is jer training 997
or kill 0 is definitely a must have my
book your green lantern fan there's a DC
to DC direct our Killough coming up in
blackest night series 7 um what is the
blackest night DC direct line has been
solid as far as detail usually though
their articulation as for all DC directs
isn't very good this guy's has
definitely got a lot of smooth
articulation to be such a great figure
so it's going to be a tough choose
between those two I'll definitely do a
comparison once i had that guy but until
then this guy's i must pick up and this
is jerry 1987 saying i'll see you soon
youtube